## Madri – Win A Trip To Madrid 2024

**Short Terms & Conditions**

T&Cs: 18+, entry open to residents of the United Kingdom aged 18 years or over at the date of entry. To
enter, purchase a pint of Madri at a participating pub, scan the QR code and enter your details for the
chance to win. The promotion will run from 04/11/2024 until 01/12/2024. 2030 prizes available across
participating outlets. **Prizes:** 30 x trips for 2 to Madrid including 2 nights’ B&B in a 4* hotel, return
economy flights from any UK airport of your choice, return transfers and £300 spending money, 500 x
Madri branded hoodies, 1000 x Madri branded water bottles, 250 x Madri sticker packs, 250 x reversible
bucket hats. Internet access and valid email address required. Max. one entry per person per day. Winners
will be picked in a random draw using an independently supervised process. Scan the QR code to access
the full T&Cs. **Promoter:** Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited, 137 High Street, Burton Upon
Trent, DE14 1JZ.

**Long Terms and Conditions to be hosted online.**

These Terms and Conditions prevail in the event of any conflict or inconsistency with any other
communications, including advertising or promotional materials. Claim instructions are deemed to form
part of these Terms and Conditions. All participants will be deemed to have accepted and be bound by
these Terms and Conditions. Please retain a copy for your information.

1. **Eligibility:** This promotion is open to residents of the United Kingdom aged 18 years or over at the
   date of entry. Proof of age and residence may be required. Prize Draw excludes employees (and their
   immediate families) of the Promoter, its subsidiaries, its agents, or anyone else professionally
   connected with this Prize Draw.
2. **Participating outlets:** There are 4000 participating outlets across the UK.
3. **Promotion Period:** The promotion is open from 4th November 2024 and closes 1st December 2024.
4. **Entry instructions:** To enter, purchase 1 pint of Madri at participating outlets, scan the QR code
   available on the red door leaflet you are handed, select the pub you were in and enter your name,
   address, contact e-mail address and phone number.
5. Entry is via online only. Internet access and a valid email address is required.
6. Only one entry per person per day.
7. **Prizes:** There are 2030 x prizes to be won. 500 x Madri branded hoodies, 1000 x Madri branded water
   bottles, 250 x Madri sticker packs, 250 x Madri reversible bucket hats, 30 x trips for two to Madrid.
   Each trip to Madrid includes:

   a. Return economy flights to Madrid any UK airport of your choice for the winner plus 1
   guest

   b. 4* hotel accommodation for two nights, sharing a room on a B&B basis

   c. Return airport transfer in Madrid (excludes domestic transfer)

   d. £300 spending money
8.  Prize excludes domestic transfers, additional food and beverages and personal expenses.
      Passport/visa arrangement and travel insurance are the responsibility of the winner and their guest. Prize must be taken by **October 2025** subject to availability, excluding travel in December
      2024, Easter and all Bank Holidays weekends through 2024/2025.
9. **Winner Selection:** 2030 x winners will be picked in a random draw using an independently
   supervised process.
10. **Winner Notification:** Prize winners will be sent an email within 7 days of the end of the promotion.
    The winners of the Madrid Trips will be sent an additional survey to complete. The winners will be
    required to respond to the survey within 14 days of receipt confirming acceptance of the prize
    and required details.
11. In the event a winner does not respond to the email notification within 14 days, the Promoter
    reserves the right to select an alternative winner from all remaining entries, with the originally
    selected winner forfeiting their right to the prize. Madrid trip winners: in the event a winner of a
    Madrid trip does not complete the survey (see clause 10) within 14 days, the Promoter reserves
    the right to select an alternative winner from all remaining entries, with the originally selected
    winner forfeiting their right to the prize.
12. **Prize fulfilment:** Winners will receive their prize confirmation and booking instructions by email
    within 28 days of the competition closing.
13. Prizes are as stated, are not for exchange or resale and no other prize alternatives are available.
    Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Promoter, a prize will only be awarded directly to the
    entrant responsible for a winning text entry.
14. **No correspondence:** Winner selection is final and binding and no correspondence will be entered
    into, except with the prize winners.
15. Bulk entries, entrants using multiple addresses, email addresses, numbers or via agents, third
    parties, organised groups or those automatically generated by computer will not be accepted but
    may still be charged. Entries received by any means other than as specified in these Terms will be
    rejected. Any person persistently trying to circumvent the entry process will be disqualified
    immediately.
16. The Promoter does not accept any responsibility in the event a winner is not able to take their
    prize for whatever reason, including in the event that a winner provides incorrect address details.
17. Insofar as is permitted by law, the Promoter and its agents will not in any circumstances be
    responsible or liable to compensate entrants for any losses that may be incurred as a result of
    entering the Promotion and the Promoter does not accept any liability for any loss, damage,
    disappointment, personal injury or death howsoever arising in connection with this promotion
    except where such damage or loss is caused by the negligence of the Promoter or its agents. The
    winners’ statutory rights are not affected.
18. **Use of Personal Data:** Personal data provided will be used for the purposes of administering the
    promotion and anything else that the entrant has expressly consented to only. Please see
    Promotor’s Privacy Policy at <https://www.molsoncoors.com/privacy-policy>.
19. The Promoter is required to either publish or make available information that indicates a valid award
    took place. As such, the Promoter will publish the surname and county of prize winners OR send the
    surname and county of prize winners to anyone that contacts the Promoter by sending a SAE to Madri,
    Win A Trip To Madrid 2024, 137 High Street, Burton on Trent, DE14 1JZ by no later than 28 days after
    the end of the Promotional Period.
20. If a winner objects to any or all of their surname, county and winning entry being published or made
    available, they should contact the Promoter by sending a SAE to Madri, Win A Trip To Madrid 2024,
    137 High Street, Burton on Trent, DE14 1JZ. In such circumstances, the Promoter must still provide
    the information and winning entry to competent authorities, including the Advertising Standard
    Authority, on request.
21. **General:** The Promoter cannot be held responsible for the failure of any third party to fulfil its
    obligations in connection with this promotion, although the Promoter will endeavour to minimise the
    effect of such failure on the entrants.
22. The Promoter is not responsible for any entries which fail to be registered or are delayed for any
    technical or other reason whatsoever. The Promoter cannot be held responsible if the winner
    does not receive their prize as a result of having provided incomplete or inaccurate email address
    details.
23. The Promoter reserves the right to verify the winning entries including asking for a winner's
    identity, including proof of age, (which they must provide within 14 days but which will not be
    retained following verification by the Promoter and redemption of the prize) and to refuse to
    award the prize or withdraw the prize entitlement and/or refuse further participation in the
    promotion and disqualify the participant where there are reasonable grounds to believe there has
    been a breach of these terms and conditions or any instructions forming part of the entry
    requirements or otherwise where a participant has gained unfair advantage in participating in the
    promotion or won using fraudulent means. The Promoter will be the final arbiter in any decisions,
    and these will be binding and no correspondence will be entered into in relation to this clause.
24. In the event of circumstances outside the reasonable control of the Promoter, or otherwise where
    fraud, abuse, and/or an error (human or computer) affects or could affect the proper operation
    of this promotion or the awarding of the prize, the Promoter reserves the right to suspend the
    promotion, replace the prize with an alternative prize of equal or higher value, or amend these
    terms and conditions, at any stage, with no liability to any entrants or third parties, but will always
    endeavour to minimise the effect to participants in order to avoid undue disappointment.
25. This promotion and these terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance
    with English law and the parties to any dispute or action shall submit to the jurisdiction of the
    English and Welsh courts.
26. Entrants are deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions by participating in this
    promotion.
27. **Promoter:** Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited, 137 High Street, Burton Upon Trent, DE14
    1JZ.

**NOTE: ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE SUBJECT TO FINAL LEGAL APPROVAL BY THE CLIENT**
